 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(559) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(679) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(688) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(692) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(695) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(699) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(759) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(765) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(770) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(862) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(904) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(982) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1012) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1065) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1129) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1181) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1214) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1301) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1338) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1370) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1414) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
